This is my true emoji keyboard.
14 common keyboards attached here to the laptop,
over 1000 individual labels,
and special software to each of these buttons
wrote another symbol.
And there's every emoj you'll remember, or at least so far.
So when you want smileys: Right here in front of you.
Animals and plants are here with food.
Which is actually the same thing.
Here's the right. All symbols, sport and time here
And here, on the right, we have the flags of all countries and a few unclassified symbols.
So if you want to add a kiss to your tweet, it's here.
Month of the month for your professional work. He's here.
Simplified month moon for less professional work. No problem right here.
Black Santa? I have what you need.
Push Santa, then Type 6 skin modifier here
Bum. Black Santa. Here you have it.
There is literally and in the letter of every emoji, even those that still do not work on any mobile or computer.
Do you want a levitating man in a suit? Here's the button.
So far it does not work, but once this tweet is displayed on iOS 9.1,
when it comes out?
It will emulate a man in a suit that levitates.
You want someone to send a "bird". Here.
And a real bird? There's a dozen of them here.
Penguins, pigeons, little chickens in an egg or outside. It is up to you.
Bikini, kimono, eggplant, of course.
If you want to make sure your message is only for over 18 years. Done.
Do you want to ban the disposal of garbage? This keyboard is for you.
Do you want to ban waste disposal in Belgium? Soon? I have what you are looking for.
Forget all the touch screens on your smartphone:
If you want to have all the emoji at your fingertips, literally: This is the keyboard for you.
To know how I made this keyboard:
I have a much longer video on how exactly
as I did.
But yes. I put the emoji keypad. It's kind of ridiculous.
Translated by Happy Ghost